Rage Fire
Jeff Vendler
ws_sprite_pilot_Tigerstone_mohawk
    "When Jeff Vendler was a young boy, he was told that he had a magic dragon's face, and wasn't like normal human beings, but very special and very magical, and it was in his blood, his DNA, and nature.  Interestingly enough, he has perfect and unblemished skin, and always able to heal and regrow without scars, marks, loose freckles, or even show signs of aging.  His family doctor said that his body wouldn't age past that of a teenager, and that his mind wouldn't develop maturity past that of a 19-year old boy, and retain life-long adolescence, though he would continue to be very bright and intelligent, as well as intellectual, while increasingly gaining experience and know-how as well as social skills past that of most human beings, though still that of a teenage adolescent.  He would live about five times as long as a normal person and human being, youthful throughout all of it, due to how special he was.  He was also told he would enjoy superhuman physical strength and reflexes, and never grow old as he lived.\n
    As he grew up, he found that what he was told was right.  He made many of his schoolmates jealous, though he found he could also make friends easily with them left and right.  He found he was very good at action video games, sports, and of all things, sword-fighting.  He found that he never developed scars or injuries from anything he got into, and although he could be hurt and even crushed as easily as any other teenage boy, a bit more than most actually with his thin and skinny body and frame, he always healed completely, still youthful and good as new afterwards, like magic as his friends would say, and literally no permanent damage to himself.  He lost a hand from swordfighting when he was 14 years old, which he left behind with a care-free shrug in the outdoor mud and grass outside the back of his parent's well-to-do estate where he grew up, and, thanks to his body's nature, his genetics, and what his friends swore was the magic in his blood, he grew a new hand which was actually better than his old one, slightly faster, stronger, and having better dexterity and reflexes than his old one, which he broke in and was playing video games with by the time dinner that very evening was ready.  His friends were surprised that he had no scars, aches or pain afterwards, and that when it was first severed he felt no physical pain.  His parents allowed him to continue to swordfight as a hobby.\n
    When he was 16 years old, he stood up to a bully at his private high school who was wielding a knife by grabbing the knife out of the bully's hand and then grabbing his head by the top of his hair with one hand to hold his head, then actually decapitating himself in front of the bully with the knife, then holding his own severed head up in the air with his one hand gripping his head by his hair, smiling and taunting the bully, daring him to take him on after demonstrating that having his own head cut off wouldn't stop him.  The bully freaked out and somehow wasn't interested in hurting Jeff or stealing his wallet anymore.  Friends of Jeff and fellow schoolmates whooped and cheered in their support of Jeff.  Jeff then carried his severed head around with him in his hands the rest of that day, and admitted he actually wasn't sure if he would have a way to re-attach it or not, but didn't seem fazed or worried about it, saying he guessed he would figure something out.  The next day, he showed up at school with his head back on his neck, and no scars or signs of injury, telling classmates that he \"figured it out\", whatever that meant.  When one of his friends asked him exactly how he got his head back on, he smiled, shook his head, and said \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you.\"\n
    Aside from his other adventures of his youth, Jeff eventually graduated high school and moved out of his wealthy parent's home to go study under a private pair of mentors to be a battlemech pilot, and developed substantial skill very quickly.  His teachers said he had a lot of potential, and then gave up after a while, saying that they could not teach Jeff any further as his skills surpassed their own.\n
    Jeff then took a rather serious amount of money his parents gave him, telling him that they loved him and would support him doing whatever he wanted to as a battlemech pilot, when he explained to his father that being a freelancing or mercenary battlemech pilot was what he wanted to do with his life, even though he had an interest in doing so for an empire's military but didn't exactly want a soldier's life.\n
    Now at the current age of 152, yet still a 16 year-old teenager with a 19 year-old mind and years of experience and memories, and with a large fortune he inherited even though leaving half of it to his older brother who already passed away as an elderly great-grandfather, he continues to work as a mercenary battlemech pilot, and a rather darn good one."

Car Crash
Matt Angler
"    Born in a middle-class merchant family from the Draconis Combine, Matthew Angler grew up, though only part-way, with rather strict and harsh parents and schoolteachers who demanded discipline, respect, and honor, which were things which Matt really didn't have.
Rebellious and uncouth, Matt developed an attitude toward authority, one that came with an offensive gesture and cry of \"Hey, talk to the finger, pal!\"  He would face punishment quite often from parents and schoolteachers.  Despite this, he actually did quite well
when it came to schoolwork and getting good grades in his classes.  When he did behave, he actually made a very good junior battlemech mechanic, who eventually proved that he could test drive a battlemech he worked on without supervision, and test fire it's
weapons on a range with a somewhat decent skill, one that comes with someone who at least somewhat knows what he's doing piloting such a vehicle of war.\n
    Matt continued to have potential, but also continued to be an unreliable pain in the rear end for his teachers and parents, and when he was 15 years old his parents were unhappy about him getting in trouble with schoolteachers at school, and Matt's father
decided that he had put with enough and demanded that Matt leave home and never come back, no longer his son.  Matt go no sympathy from his mother, who was also furious.  Lonely, angry, and suddenly scared stiff, Matt gathered his things, and left with a friend of
his from school.  His friend's family could not adopt him, but set him up with a local mercenary group of battlemech pilots that needed a mechanic, knowing they most likely would never see Matthew ever again, but hoping for the best for him.\n
    Being at least halfway decent a mechanic and novice 'mech pilot, though still young and not fully grown up, Matt got passed around, more like \"kicked around\", from one mercenary group to another, until finally he ended up being in Yang's hands of all things.
Yang found that Matt, only 16 years old, was actually very obedient, or at least tried to be, though only because he was scared stiff into being so, uncertain of where he might end up if he screwed up again.  When given a little breathing room, Yang
found that Matt was actually a capable mechanic, but actually better and more capable as a test driver who could also test fire newly installed weaponry better than some could.  Yang decided to give young teenage Matt a special break, and said \"I think you would
be better off being a battlemech pilot pilot than a mechanic.  I'm going to put you on the roster and get you hooked up with a bunk in one of their rooms, kid.\"\n
    Still only 16, Matt is no longer a mechanic, isn't quite an adult, and is now with the 'mech pilots
on-board the ship, moved over from being one of the MechTechs with a lot of room to grow and learn.  Uncertain, Matt is a bit rough around the edges, but loyal as he wants to never repeat his mistakes and do himself in all over again, terrified at the idea of
ending up kicked out and fending for himself in a city's streets planetside somewhere, in a lifestyle he doesn't know how to survive in.  Regardless, he is intelligent, and still retains his ability to get good grades in a classroom, still retaining what got him
into honors classes when he had a family."

Mach Five Assault
Bill Anderton
TEST

Nuclear Murder
Dexter Grandon
"    "

Thrustheavy
(Raptor)

Acid Burn
(Cobra)

Prismatic Cougar
Joe Gillon
"    With a history of familiarity with both the Aurigan Reach and the Inner Sphere solar systems, 19 year old Joe Gillon is a rather young and novice battlemech pilot to begin with that has a surprisingly good know-how of how to survive as a battlemech pilot mercenary in modern times across the stars, and a large amount of potential to succeed as a battlemech pilot pilot with above average skills in controlling, piloting, and fighting in a battlemech.  He is especially good at taking a long-range missle-bearing battlemech out across terrain at high speed, with agility, and positioning it at far off locations where, with the help of a spotter unit, can nail targets with indirect fire and razor-sharp accuracy.  He can manage a battlemech's heat better than most can, and can also do well in a stand-up fight when indirect fire isn't an option.  Joe also knows how to shrug off damage to his battlemech rather well, and can take a beating but also fight back and win.\n
    Growing up on the road, Joe's parents were battlemech pilots and mercenaries, and didn't have a permanent home, but were always traveling from star system to star system, taking Joe with them.  Joe doesn't know what it's like to grow up in a house that has a real address, located in a specific town or city, or have a hometown or home world to belong to and always come home to.  His parents paid for a private, personalized education, teaching him as the whole family traveled the stars.  Joe had a robot and it's on-board, modified AI for a schoolteacher and mentor for nearly all subjects that made up his education.  It was a heavily modified battlemech pilot mechanic's workshop assistant to begin with, originally a very expensive model, and a MechTech's best friend.  It taught him everything from math to algebra to philosophy and sciences of all sorts, and of course taught Joe how to not only be a battlemech pilot pilot but also a mechanic who could alter and upgrade weapons and other equipment that one can install on a battlemech, and also a good amount of technical know-how about lostech and such.  Joe was fortunately quite interested in these things, and picked up a lot of skills from his robot mentor.\n
    The robot also taught Joe, of all things, how to find friends when one is always on the road and has no hometown or place to call home, and Joe actually learned how to quickly make \"instant friends\" that were teenagers like himself in places like shopping malls and public parks when his family would leave him for a few hours in such places while traveling.  His parents were so certain that Joe would develop weird social skills and end up being messed up from not having normal friendships with such a lifestyle, but Joe instead somehow ended up very normal and healthy, and if left alone on a weekend wandering a shopping mall planet-side in some star system he had never been to before, by the time his parents picked him up after a few hours of being away for business nearby in the town or city, Joe would have already met with and bonded with local children who were enjoying the weekend before going back to school on Monday, and in his pockets Joe would have phone numbers and contact information for kids his age he hung out with who he would call and talk to even a year or more later, and keep in touch with, and also play multi-player network video games with when light-years away.  If his parents and their mercenary company happened to come by the star system again, taking Joe with them of course, as his own quarters on-board the ship that he shared with his parents was his home, he would sometimes meet up with friends he hadn't seen face-to-face in perhaps a year or more sometimes, yet still played remote video games with and kept in touch with via emails and other communications.  Having his robot teacher and mentor teach him secrets of Comstar technology and how to work with it also helped.\n
    When Joe turned 17, he reluctantly cooperated with his parents and got his own living quarters, and prepared to grow up a little and have his own life as a battlemech pilot mercenary.  His loving parents cared about him very much, and told him he had to.  He then quickly got used to being independent, and finally moved out of his parents' living quarters for good, and got his own ride, and a start to his own destiny, on-board another ship and with a separate group of battlemech pilot mercenaries, well-trained and prepared, with a lot of potential and a good start.  Now, at 19, he lives on-board a ship independently, working as a mercenary and ready for work and what life has in store for him."

Chromatic Wolf
(Glass Snake)

Black Coffee
(Desert Sand)

Overcooked
(Firewalker)

Screwdriver
(Golden Sword)

Slamdancer
(Quickfighter)

Power Dive
(Winter Day)

Skin Peeler
(Summer Wind)

Plastic Splash
(Wolf)

Superphotonic
(Shotgun)

/////
TODO:

Space Case
(Defthand)

Wild Boy
(Feral)

Divebomb
(Tundrahawk)

Contrasensical
Spaghetti
Binoculars
Turbo Twit

(TS_1)
(TS_2)
